today I did a Jessica Burciaga inspired
makeup tutorial you guys don't know who
that is she is a model like an import
model she's been in Playboy and I just
think that she's absolutely gorgeous her
makeup always looks really nice so this
is just kind of like a bronze smokey eye
I'm mainly using the Urban Decay Naked
palette and then just with a purpley
pinkish lip I already put on my
foundation my concealer I said it with
my Mac MSF natural and I put some just
like concealer over my lips just to
block out the color using the Urban
Decay Naked palette I got some more
across to do more looks with this so
first thing we're gonna do is take smog
it's a nice bronzy color and that's like
the main car we're gonna be using so
first you want to put that all over the
lid
so my camera died so where where we oh
yes we were using Smaug and I put we put
that all over the lid now we're going to
put it in the crease and you kind of
want to just start at the outer edge and
bring it in
okay so that's how that looks like then
we're just going to take our blending
brush and we're just going to blend that
out
for our highlight we're going to use
virgin
okay so then on top of smog we're gonna
put a little bit of another brassy color
and this is half-baked so we're just
gonna go over smog and just to add some
gold tones we're going to put a half
baked on to the lid
then we're gonna take our blending brush
again and just blend that
okay then it creep I take a pencil brush
and just put this in the outer corner
just a teeny bit
just to darken it up a little bit and
then we're just going to take our
blending brush again
okay then we're going to take virgin
once again and put this on the inner
tear-duct so it's really nice bronzy
looking smoky eye so now we're just
going to take Revlon Colorstay eyeliner
and just smudge this on the top lashline
and then a little bit on the waterline
so that's that a little bit of a contour
just a light color or a light bit of
contour this is d50 from Sephora
don't want anything too harsh and then
for blasts Jessica said that one of her
favorite blushes is dolly mix by Mac so
we're just going to push this on to so
I'm just going to take this big fluffy
brush and blend it out because there's a
little bit more than I wanted so for the
lips Maybelline's make me pink Jessica
said that her favorites are love Lauren
and scanty and these are pretty similar
they're just pinks with purple undertone
this is kind of learn to Revlon pink
pout but a little bit more purpley
okay so then we're gonna apply false
lashes and I'll be right back
there at the salon perfect number 28 I
don't know what packaging is right now
your mascara I just use L'Oreal extra
volume collagen I don't really like this
mascara but it's fine for one year zinc
mustaches so this is what the finish
looks like look looks like just really
um kind of like a sexy bronze with a
purplish pink lip so I hope you guys
liked it
and thanks for watching